---
title: "Website v.0.1 update notes"
description: "A list and explanation of the changes made to the website in version 0.1"
pubDate: "May 11 2023"
---


# V0.1


## TLDR;



* Website has been created
* I am using Astro JS
* Started building off Tufot’s terminal website
* Modified about me section and practiced creating my own text based command (CV)
* Color scheme has been modified
* Ascii art of my face has been added


## Explanation of this update:

I worked on this update from the start to the end of march.


### Creation of website and what I’m building off of.

This was actually my second attempt at creating a website my first went terribly as I discovered that the skills that the WHS JS course teach you don’t completely prepare you for building a website with elements outside of a canvas element and so I decided, for right or wrong to take a website from someone else, and rewrite almost all of it and expand a lot on it’s features. So I started with TufoT’s terminal To do list website as it matched the aesthetic that I liked and the JS was basic enough for me to understand. I then decided to use Astro JS, as it was suggested to me from friends, so I moved the code around and got it to work within Astro’s system for managing files.


### What is Astro JS

Astro JS is a javascript framework. It allows you to have HTML CSS and Javascript all in one .astro file. These .astro files can each be used as components and imported easily into one main page. This simplifies creating web sites in my opinion.


### Removed unneeded bits of code, and added my own first command.

 I removed all the code which I didn't feel I needed which included the credit to TufoT in the "aboutme" section. I removed the to do list commands. Then their name at the top and replaced it with my face.


## What went wrong and how did I fix it:

My site didn’t upload to cloudflare because it was missing a file specifying the node version. I created this file and it worked fine


## Changes to the plan:

My plan changed dramatically. I decided that as now this was likely to be a way of teaching myself javascript and that the GPT-3 API is expensive I would like to instead do the filesystem myself.


## Plans for the next version:



* Get a basic version of the filesystem working

